= braintree_query

Client for accessing Braintree Payment Solution's reporting API.

To see their API: http://dev.braintreepaymentsolutions.com/query/

Username and password must be passed in to the finder methods (see
examples)

== Example usage

  # find a specific transaction
  txn = BraintreeQuery::Transaction.find(1177101697, :username => 'testapi', :password => 'password1')
  txn.condition
  #=> 'pendingsettlement'

  # find transactions within a time range
  txns = BraintreeQuery::Transaction.all(:username => 'testapi',
                                         :password => 'password1',
                                         :start_date => ['2010', '01', '20', '15', '00'].join,
                                         :end_date => ['2010', '01', '20', '15', '18'].join)
  txns.size
  #=> 3
  txns.map(&:condition)
  #=> ["pending", "pending", "pendingsettlement"]

  # find refunds within a time range
  txns = BraintreeQuery::Transaction.all(:username => 'testapi',
                                         :password => 'password1',
                                         :start_date => ['2010', '01', '19', '00'].join,
                                         :end_date => ['2010', '01', '19', '12'].join,
                                         :action_type => 'refund')
  txns.map(&:transaction_id)
  #=> ["1176565207", "1176565239"]

  txns.map(&:original_transaction_id)
  #=> ["1176565193", "1176565221"]

== TODO
* rdoc
* better way to do integration tests (i.e. hitting the real server)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jeff Jolma. See LICENSE for details.
